the attack was successful Pirates are
using a one skiff with seven POB on
board
machine guns were used during this
attack
officials are requested to report a
suspicious activity or possible piracy
and prepare to take countermeasures and
evasive action
[Music]
Bob is home father kokou Sierra f8000
and say kiss yourself nonsan for all of
our fans in Spanish
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
books a company when it's done
the virus has been have been taken into
custody we received a signal this
afternoon telling us that the the
European naval force took over the
German they actually onboard the German
ship in custody by the military police
today that actually importance out that
several provinces as part of the
standing NATO maritime group are
together with the other task forces in
the area achieved the aim of fighting
piracy in this area